Basic idea:

1. Players may start 'arguments'. An argument consists of:
   - A title
   - A recipient of proceeds collected throughout the argument duration (Ethereum address)
   - Customizable design elements (TBD by someone with better intuition)
   - Customizable rules (how customizable - TBD):
       * Allowed post length
       * Privacy: is the argument public?
       * Time to respond (depending on the iteration of the argument)
       * Cost increase function
2. The game commences as follows:
   - The 'instigator' (the player who started the argument) pays some minimal amount of Eth, which
     we denote X(0), to say the first 'punch' (a punch is post added to the argument).
     This concludes the first iteration of the argument, or the 'genisis' phase.
   - The punch is thrown; meaning, the first post appears in the argument area. The opposing team now
     has a set amount of time T(0) to respond with a punch of their own.
   - The opposing team has a discussion feed (? maybe redundant) and a candidate feed where potential
     candidates (people with snappy responses to the genisis punch) can post possible punches and recruit
     followers.
     Posting in each feed is free, but to vote for a specific punch in the candidate feed players are
     required to put some minimal amount of Eth on the specific punch. If the punch is eventually chosen, 
     the players who put money on the chosen punch will pay; any Eth promised to the other (losing) 
     candidates isn't transferred and remains at the desposal of the owning player.
   - When the time to respond is up, IF there exists some punch with at least 2*X(0) Eth value (from
     contributing players), then of all responses R with at least 2*X(0) Eth the response with the MOST
     CONTRIBUTING PLAYERS (and NOT the most money) is chosen as the counter-punch. The amount of money
     set for the chosen response is denoted X(1), X(1)*0.97 is transferred to the chosen argument
     recipient and 0.03*X(1) is sent to the site owner.
   - The turn goes back to the instigator's team, with updated time to respond and minimal price to
     throw a punch. Again, the instigating team must have a punch funded with at least 2*X(1) Eth, and
     then out of all the successfully funded punches the one with the most human votes wins.
   - Continues until one of the teams fails to recruit the funds to reply, in which case the opposing
     team is the winner.
 3. Allow special behavior on facebook feeds: we'd probably want a login via Facebook anyway.
    Allow players to initiate a challenge by posting a link on a feed (hopefully, a feed with an angry
    argument taking place). By default, DISPLAY THE ORIGINAL FB FEED on the battlegrounds, and allow
    users to vote for the comments in question.
    Privacy issue...?
 4. VETO POLICY:
    From the start of the game, there may exist persistent pools of ether/players. For any such pool P,
    players must pay ether to P to be part of P.
    Pools have events that can be fired depending on the total ether P.total_eth, the number of players
    P.players.length and other procedural conditions.
    Pools contain static information, like P.team (identifying which team the pool belongs to).
    For example, pool A has minimal values of A.min_eth=100 and A.min_players=1, whereas pool B has a
    minimum of B.min_eth=0.0001 and B.min_players=100. In addition, A requires A.our_turn() == true
    (using the property A.team), and B requires B.our_turn() == false - in other words, each pool can
    only fire on different turns only.
    The A.and() (all requirements are met) event (enough ether, our turn) is the Buy-The-Better-Man
    button: with enough ether, the team can pay to say the last word. This is a cheap move, so the price 
    should be high, but this goes to some charity so the team without a good response to the last punch
    can break a tie (or win, or loss ?) by activating the A.and() event.
    The B.and() event (enough players, not our turn) is the Forfeit event - on our turn, we can vote to
    stop and save face. The cost to participate is TBD (maybe after some minimal amount of rounds it's
    free?) but should be cheaper than the Buy-The-Better-Man price.
    Just an example of pools. Maybe too complicated a mechanic.
